website/docs: document blueprint import options (#21973)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/customize/blueprints/index.mdx

### Imported flow

> You can apply an example flow by opening the **Import** modal from either the **Flows** page or the **Blueprints** page. Select **Local path** to choose one of the example blueprints bundled with authentik, or select **File upload** to import a downloaded or exported `.yaml` file from your local file system. After applying the flow, you can decide if you want to further customize the flow, or just use it as it is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can apply an example flow by clicking **Import** on either the **Flows** page or the **Blueprints** page. Then, on the **Import Flow Blueprint** modal, select **Local path** to choose one of the example blueprints bundled with authentik, or select **File upload** to import a downloaded or exported `.yaml` file from your local file system. After applying the flow, you can decide if you want to further customize the flow, or just use it as it is.
```
